Every audio file has a file path of the form:

	<FAMILY>/<INSTRUMENT>/ordinario/<INSTR>-ord-<PITCH>-<DYN>-<INSTANCE>-<MISC>.wav

	<INSTR>-ord-<PITCH>-<DYN>-<INSTANCE>-<MISC>.wav


  | Instr | style | pitch | Dyn | instance - string spec, fingering or N | Misc                                                 |
  |-------+-------+-------+-----+----------------------------------------+------------------------------------------------------|
  | Vn    | ord   | D#7   | mf  | 1c                                     | T22d_R100u                                           |
  |       |       |       |     | first string                           | Lowered 22 cent to match A440, resampled up 100 cent |
  |       |       |       |     |                                        |                                                      |


For example, "Vn-ord-D#7-mf-1c-T22d_R100u" corresponds to:

    a violin sound ;
    played in the ordinary playing technique ;
    at pitch D#7 (approximately 2489 Hz) ;
    with mezzoforte dynamics ;
    on the first string ; and
    resampled from a D7 by raising pitch by a semitone, i.e. 100 cents (R100u)
    lowered by 22 cents (T22d) to match the A440 tuning standard.


<INSTR> is the abbreviation of the instrument.  "ord" is the
abbreviation of "ordinario".

<PITCH> denotes the pitch of the musical note. This pitch is encoded
in the American standard pitch notation: pitch class (C means "do")
followed by pitch octave. According to this convention, A4 has a
fundamental frequency of 440 Hz.

<DYN> denotes the intensity dynamics, ranked from pp (pianissimo) to
ff (fortissimo).

<INSTANCE> contains additional information, when applicable. For
example, for bowed string instruments, the same pitch may sometimes be
achieved on different positions and different strings, resulting in
small timbre differences. In this case the label "1c", "2c", "3c", or
"4c" denotes the string which is being bowed. (The letter c originates
from the word "corde", which means string in French.) By convention,
the first string is the one with the highest pitch when played as an
open string. Furthermore, on some wind instruments, the same note was
played multiple times, e.g. at multiple durations. In this case, we
use the label "alt1", "alt2", etc. to denote alternative instances of
the note. If none of these tags apply, the <INSTANCE> field becomes
"N", which stands for "Not Applicable".

<MISC> contains additional information, if applicable. In TinySOL,
some pitches were never recorded (about 1% of the whole dataset), and
thus missing from the chromatic scale. In this case, the <MISC> tag
contains a letter "R", to denote the fact that the corresponding WAV
file has been obtained by transforming a different audio clip via some
digital frequency transposition (similar to Auto-Tune). The letter "R"
stands for "resampled". Furthermore, some pitches (about 20% of the
whole dataset) were slightly out of tune in comparison with the A440
tuning standard. Again, we applied some digital frequency
transposition to correct them and put them exactly in tune. The amount
of frequency transposition is measured in "cents" of an equal-tempered
semitone. The letter "T" stands for "tuned". Because we employed a
high-fidelity algorithm for frequency transposition, and because the
amount of digital frequency transposition is small, the timbre of
pitch-corrected notes remains faithful to the instrument. If none of
these tags apply, the <MISC> field becomes "N", which stands for
"natural"; in this case, the note is distributed exactly as it was
recorded in the studio



